Brad Ryan and Dina are the first victims
in saw 3D trapped in a glass cube in a
public space they are about to fall victims to
circular saws as a quick fresh up for those of
you who haven't watched the movie recently Dina
tricked both men into spending for her treats
what this means she's basically a gold digger
and jigsaw doesn't like gold diggers she is toxic
there are two circular saws fixed on both
ends of what seems to be mini rails we have
one character on each side with their hands
chained onto the sliding device on both sides
of each respective circular saw obviously they
need to push the contraption towards each other
in order to avoid getting sliced open as well
as to attempt to slice open the other person
they have one minute time if none of them fall
victim to the game Dina hanging above will get
sliced in half instead we can safely conclude that
Dina has no way out of there without external help
like i have mentioned in our saw 6 video being
chained on both hands and feet is an incredibly
powerful immobilisation however it is true that
when she moves the trap weirdly wobbles along with
her giving the impression that she might be able
to break the trap with enough forceful movements
but that's quite a leap of faith so let's
forget about her for now and focus on the device
our two remaining characters are chained onto
unfortunately it looks like the leather straps
on their wrists don't allow them enough space to
have them being cut through by the saws themselves
we can also see that they are wearing something
like leather belt chains on each side of their hip
connecting them to the device on both sides
not allowing them to either dodge the saws
by moving to the sides nor would it allow them
to back off and dodge it with a nice fade away
interestingly enough those side chains are only
attached to the overall they're wearing meaning
if you can find a way out of the overall you can
escape the restricting nature of those chains
to get out of the overall you could for instance
attempt to cut through the links on the front of
the overall with the saw and then push your body
up like you would on a dip bar that way the chains
attaching the device to the overall would pull
the overall down themselves however to make this
work you need the help of your opponent which in
this case doesn't look like a possibility so let's
move on and see what else we have here in the
first frames of this trap for instance we can see
that none of the two guys have any chains on
their feet which is a huge advantage so what
i would do first is to try and pull out any of
the cables underneath the device with my feet
as you can see there is enough space to reach
through with your legs and that way you have a
good chance of interrupting the electric circuit
and stop any of the saws from rotating but
whatever we can come up with here everything
is connected to a big if so i truly believe
the most reliable tactic to save all three victims
here is to cause a power outage for the whole area
since we have countless spectators watching we
have many people able to react and contact the
right people in time to cause something like this
to happen what i mean is electricity is typically
distributed by distribution transformers to
distribute transformed electricity to households
and small businesses alike you may have seen them
around your neighbourhood now for the sake of this
video i have contacted a good friend
of mine who is an actual electrician
to ask him for advice if it would be possible to
cause an actual outage through manipulation of
such distribution transformers and it turns out
it really is however in any way it is not simple
and it does require some knowledge and access
as well i reckon that might not be the easiest
way to save all the victims here but it still is
the most reliable way that we can come up with
trap number two sticky sticky skin as much as
i enjoy seeing Chester again he is definitely
in a complicated situation here i'm going to be
straightforward with you i really didn't find
anything useful here just tiny bits but i don't
think it's enough to beat this trap so if you have
any idea on how to beat this trap in particular
please consider leaving a comment down below hello
heaven i want to play a game however if i had to
at least attempt to get out of there alive then
perhaps freeing my arms would be the smartest
idea to begin with once your arms are free try
to activate the seat back adjuster usually on
the side of each car seat that way you can get
at least a little bit closer to the lever you have
to pull now even if you get closer to the lever i
think it is still too far away to actually be able
to pull it even if you try to stretch out your
legs through the windshield i just think there
is not enough space for you to do that but since
Chester here is not wearing chains on his legs and
we have freed our arms already we might be able
to take off our pants and throw them around the
lever honestly it could work but it is attached
to a big if again so again if you have a better
idea let me know i'm burning for this one honestly
moving on to chapter two bobby's trial test number
one now in this series of tests we follow bobby
now i don't know what's up with this guy but
faking to be a jigsaw victim in the very city
where jigsaw is still hunting people just in
order to make some money is probably not the
smartest idea if you want to pull this up
you do it low key at least have an alias
don't show your face or whatever if that
can't be done then you just must realize
that you are literally putting the red dot onto
yourself thanks for the signature nice picture
but hey one man's fortune is another man's misery
so thank you very much bobby let's analyze your
traps now i will refrain from highlighting
the first trap the hanging cave trap as he
avoided it successfully by swinging over to
the safe side but truth be told the spikes
on the floor had enough space between them to be
able to safely land without facing a real threat
let's move on to this poor lady here in this trap
Nina is strapped onto a chair with a straight
jacket just the thought of wearing a straight
jacket always freaks me out now imagine four
metal posts threatening to pierce your throat
additionally gruesome but that's why we love
the saw franchise right now the key to release
the trap is stuck in her tummy but attached on
a thin thread allowing bobby to pull it out i
wonder what came first David Blaine or this trap
but anyway additionally we get to know that the
louder the noise in this room the faster she gets
pierced by the machinery so screaming here is
a big no-no however she doesn't seem to be able
to shut up can't really blame her though so how
would i beat the strap well the posts are moved
mechanically which is always a great thing because
it often allows the possibility of manipulation
what i mean is the posts are moved by rotating
beaver gears so if you can stop those skiers from
functioning properly you can stop the posts
from closing in how would i block the gears
just twist a piece of fabric and clamp it in
between the gears of course if you find a metal
plate or anything else that is wide enough and
stable and comparably soft that would do it too
but as always since you're attempting to beat
those traps while hopefully wearing clothes you
may as well use what you wear generally speaking
though i would say if you can't find alternatives
within these chambers then spare your clothes for
the next traps you don't know what's coming next
trap number three the human wheel now what
is it with those throat traps in this movie
anyway this trap too involves Bevel gears
so blocking them would suffice here as well
to stop the wheel from spinning and therefore
save Susanna a generous amount of pain there are
other ideas though how you might be able to save
her for instance bobby has to push up a lever to
close an electric circuit that stops the wheel
from spinning so if you can block the lever in
a way that it stays up there that would also stop
the mechanism from moving if you are proficient in
electrical engineering then you might find
another way to bridge the circuit if you do please
enlighten us in the comment section down below
get it enlighten us bridge the circuit anyone
trap number four test of courage this trap
is a bit more fun to solve than the previous
one although time might be a little scarce here
bobby as well as kale need to work together in
order to save kale from getting hanged basically
to save kale bobby needs to secure the key hanging
from the ceiling in the middle of the boardwalk
since kale is blindfolded it is very risky for
him to walk across even if they work together
in complete harmony which they definitely don't
finding balance while being blindfolded is a very
difficult task and the threat that if you miss
step you will fall into death is also not very
encouraging here if kale must walk over the board
though i would advise him to take off his shoes
and cross bare foot you are much more sensitive
that way allowing you to really focus on where
you step this would translate not just into a more
secure crossing but also faster movement however
in my humble opinion bobby should have taken the
sole risk here i mean he's almost slower than kale
and crossing the boards we can see that partly
on his journey across there is a metal grid where
he could literally grab onto which he doesn't use
also when he almost falls and jumps over to
the crossing we can see that it isn't really
far away i mean if your friend is about to get
killed you might as well take a little bit more
of risk that was just pathetic in my opinion so
the best way to beat this trap well next to bobby
moving a bit quicker i would say once bobby has
secured the key kale should have pulled his shirt
in a way that causes it to resemble a pool
into which bobby could have thrown the key
catching a key blindfolded in this situation
is pure luck and i wouldn't recommend it
while it is still risky to throw this tiny key in
anyway throwing it into a relatively large shirt
pool is more likely to succeed even if the time
ran out and kale would get hanged up on his neck
it would take a few minutes at least until he
would lose his consciousness in fact hanging
someone doesn't kill that person immediately
unless the string is attached in a way that
would break that person's neck and since kale's
hands are free as well he is free to pull himself
up on a string which would cause a time delay that
could be used to unlock his collar if time ran out
chapter number 5 or trap number 5 wisdom
tooth wisdom is tooth i didn't like this one
the last wisdom tooth i pulled was
literally without sufficient anaesthesia
it was quite unpleasant i can tell you that
but i must say it isn't as terrible as some
of the other traps people had to go through in the
saw series but still you want to generally avoid
pulling your teeth on yourself without any
narcotics that is unless you are Robinson Cruzo
anyways i wonder if i could do it if i were in his
position to be honest i mean could you do it even
if your loft one's life is on the line some of
the traps in the past few movies of the franchise
would have been simply impossible to endure for
me even to save someone i love pulling two of
your teeth is almost a catwalk in comparison and
if you can pull your own wisdom teeth at the same
time then well great you just saved yourself a
few hundred bucks but let's get into this first
although beating this trap is not possible without
a stretch of imagination i can tell you that much
so since there isn't a mirror available there is
no way bobby could somehow glimpse at the numbers
engraved on his teeth so there are only two ways
here either make it out by touch good luck with
that or guess the correct code well let's roll the
numbers for a second bobby needs a four digit code
that gives the possibility of ten thousand
combinations including four times zero the
code to unlock the door is five six nine
three if he were to go step by step with
zero zero zero one zero zero zero two zero zero
zero three and so on it would take quite some time
to arrive at the right combination if typing in a
four digit code plus the subsequent waiting time
is about five seconds long he would precisely need
twenty eight thousand 465 seconds or around 474
minutes to arrive at the right combination at this
point though he only had roughly 19 minutes left
leaves only figuring out the codes by touch
which is incredibly difficult especially since
the inside of your mouth is moist and relatively
warm so feeling fine details in that environment
is pretty difficult if you had a needle or
toothpick would it make it easier since you
could follow the fine lines with it maybe
with all of that stated you may can come up
with a different tactic to solve this trap if
you can as always consider leaving a comment
in this final test bobby has to overcome what
he claimed he had already overcome before
which we all know from the start was a
lie i guess he visualized this scenario
so hard for the sake of his book there
was no way it wouldn't happen okay guys
i know that jigsaw mentions here
that bobby must pierce his chest
pull himself up and reconnect the cables but
perhaps we can do it differently obviously it is
possible as we can see in the movie bobby does
so relentlessly to my surprise it's a shame he
failed so close to success but then again we don't
watch the saw movies for their happy endings do we
so technically speaking if you
can get up there differently
you wouldn't need to pierce your pectoralis i
know that is strictly forbidden by jigsaw himself
but let's have a little fun here alright
you will screw me anyways in the comments so
here is my uncreative idea step onto the
hooks like you would step into stirrups
twist your arms around the respective chains for
extra stability and pull yourself up on the third
chain to get to the cables above up there you just
connect the cables et voila that is french four
you're good to go and your wifey doesn't
need to burn to death in front of you amazing